Get away from me!
Previously on Teen Wolf...
I wanna go out with Allison.
I kissed her. I saw.
I want a
semi-freaking-normal life.
Medical examiner determines
killer of girl to be animal. not human.
Derek not killer.
Let out of jail.
You did this to me!
The bite is a gift.
I don't want it. You will.
Who were they? Hunters.
That's my dad.
Everything in my life is somehow
perfect. Why are you trying to ruin it?
You're cursed. Scott.
Come on.
Where are you taking me?
Somewhere where we can be alone.
We are alone.
Somewhere where
we can be more alone.
♪ Flyin' like an airplane
♪ Faster than the fallin' rain
Come on.
♪ My brain is in
the cirrus clouds
♪ Scattered in American crowds
♪ Runnin' like a diesel train
♪ Racin' from my
heart through the pain
♪ Pushin' the unmovable clouds
♪ I know I have
to make it somehow
♪ Flyin' like an airplane
♪ Faster than the fallin' rain
♪ My brain is in
the cirrus clouds
♪ Scattered in American crowds ♪
What's wrong?
Get away.
Scott?
Scott? Get away from me.
So you killed her? I don't know.
I just woke up.
And I was sweating like
crazy. and I couldn't breathe.
I've never had a dream
where I woke up like that before.
Really? I have.
Usually ends a
little differently.
A. I meant I've never had
a dream that felt that real.
and B. never give me that much
detail about you in bed again.
Noted. Let me take a guess here.
No. I know.
you think it has something to do with
me going out with Allison tomorrow.
Like I'm gonna lose
control and rip her throat out.
No. of course not.
Yeah. that's totally it.
Hey. come on. it's
gonna be fine. all right?
Personally. I think you're handling
this pretty freaking amazingly.
You know. it's not like there's
a Lycanthropy for
Beginners class you can take.
Yeah. not a class.
but maybe a teacher.
Who. Derek?
You forgetting the part where
we got him tossed in jail?
Yeah. I know. but chasing her.
dragging her to the back
of the bus. it felt so real.
How real?
Like it actually happened.
I think it did.
She's probably fine.
She's not answering
my texts. Stiles.
It could just be a
coincidence. all right?
A seriously amazing coincidence.
Just help me find her. okay?
Do you see her? No.
You scared the hell outta me.
You're okay.
Once my heart starts
beating again. yeah.
What?
I'm just happy to see you.
Attention. students.
this is your principal.
I know you're all wondering about
the incident that occurred last night
to one of our buses.
While the police work to
determine what happened.
classes will proceed
as scheduled.
Thank you.
Save me a seat at lunch?
Yeah.
What are you
looking at. asswipe?
Maybe it was my
blood on the door.
Could have been animal blood.
You know. maybe you
caught a rabbit or something.
And did what?
Ate it. Raw?
No. you stopped to bake
it in a little werewolf oven.
I don't know. you're the one
who can't remember anything.
Mr. Stilinski. if that's your
idea of a hushed whisper.
you might want to pull the
headphones out every once in a while.
I think you and Mr. McCall would
benefit from a little distance. yes?
No.
Let me know if the separation
anxiety gets to be too much.
Hey. I think they
found something.
That's not a rabbit.
Okay.
This is good. this is good.
He got up. he's not dead.
Dead guys can't do that.
Stiles...
I did that.
But dreams aren't memories.
Then it wasn't a dream.
Something happened last
night. and I can't remember what.
What makes you so sure that
Derek even has all the answers?
Because during the full
moon he wasn't changed.
He was in total control
while I was running around
in the middle of the night
attacking some
totally innocent guy.
You don't know that.
I don't not know it.
I can't go out with
Allison. I have to cancel.
No. you're not canceling. okay?
You can't just cancel your
entire life. We'll figure it out.
Figure what out?
Ha!
Just. uh. homework.
Yeah.
Why is she sitting with us?
Thanks.
Get up.
How come you never
ask Danny to get up?
Because I don't stare at
his girlfriend's coin slot.
So I hear they're saying it's
some type of animal attack.
Probably a cougar. I
heard mountain lion.
A cougar is a
mountain lion. Isn't it?
Who cares?
The guy's probably some homeless
tweaker who's gonna die anyway.
Actually. I just found
out who it is. Check it out.
The Sheriff's Department won't
speculate on details of the incident
but confirmed the victim. Garrison
Meyers. did survive the attack.
Meyers was taken
to a local hospital
where he remains
in critical condition.
- I know this guy.
- You do?
Yeah. when I used to take the
bus back when I lived with my dad.
He was the driver.
Can we talk about something
slightly more fun. please?
Like. oh. where are we
going tomorrow night?
You said you and Scott were
hanging out tomorrow night. right?
Um. we were thinking of
what we were gonna do.
Well. I am not sitting home
again watching lacrosse videos.
so if the four of us are hanging
out. we are doing something fun.
Hanging out?
Like. the four of us?
Do you wanna hang
out. like us and them?
Yeah. I guess. Sounds fun.
You know what else sounds fun?
Stabbing myself in
the face with this fork.
How about bowling?
You love to bowl.
Yeah. with actual competition.
How do you know we're
not actual competition?
You can bowl. right?
Sort of. Is it sort of. or yes?
Yes.
In fact. I'm a great bowler.
You're a terrible bowler.
I know! I'm such an idiot.
God. it was like
watching a car wreck.
I mean. first it turned into
the whole group date thing.
And then out of nowhere
comes that phrase.
Hang out.
You don't hang out with
hot girls. okay? It's like death.
Once it's hanging out. you might
as well be her gay best friend.
You and Danny can
start hanging out.
How is this happening? I
either killed a guy or I didn't.
I don't think Danny
likes me very much.
I ask Allison on a date.
and now we're hanging out.
Am I not attractive to gay guys?
I make first line. and the team
captain wants to destroy me. and now...
Now I'm gonna be late for work.
Wait. Scott. you didn't...
Am I attractive to gay guy...
You didn't answer my question.
Sorry. Sorry.
You're all of two minutes late.
I just don't want you
to think I'm slacking.
Scott. I guarantee you. you're one
of the least slacking kids in this town.
Hey. I see somebody's
ready to get their stitches out.
Hey there. Scott. You
staying out of trouble?
Yeah.
Hey. listen. while I'm here.
you mind taking a look at those
pictures I was telling you about?
Sacramento still can't
determine an animal.
I'm not exactly an expert.
This is the guy who
was attacked in the bus?
Yeah.
And we found wolf hairs
on Laura Hale's body.
A wolf?
I mean. I think I read somewhere
that wolves haven't been in
California for. like. 60 years.
True enough. but wolves
are highly migratory.
They could have wandered
in from another state
driven by impulse or
strong enough memory.
Wolves have memories?
Longer-term memories. yes.
If associated
with a primal drive.
- See this one here?
- Yeah.
Those are claw marks.
A wolf would have
gone for the throat
or the spinal
cord with its teeth.
So what do you think.
it's a mountain lion?
I don't know.
A wolf could chase
down its prey.
hobbling it by
tearing at the ankles.
And then the throat.
Is my beautiful. talented. and wonderful
son actually bringing me dinner?
Thought you wouldn't mind
skipping the cafeteria tonight.
You are the most
thoughtful. loving.
most conniving
little con artist ever.
You are so not getting
the car tomorrow night.
Mom. What?
There's a curfew. no car.
But I will take this.
Love you.
Love you. too.
Mr. Meyers.
Are you okay?
What the hell are
you doing in here?
Get out! Now. go!
Go. go!
It looks pretty
deserted. dispatch.
Did you want me
to take a look inside?
Unit 16. it's county property.
Order's to make
sure it's vacant.
I don't... I don't
think anyone's home.
For the love of God. 16. go
inside and see if anyone's in there.
Copy that.
Don't do that.
Okay. I'm coming.
I'm coming.
I know you can hear me.
I need your help.
Okay.
I know I was part of
you getting arrested
and that we basically announced
you being here to the hunters.
I also don't know what
happened to your sister.
But I think I did
something last night.
I had a dream about someone.
But someone else got hurt.
And it turns out that part of the
dream might have actually happened.
You think you
attacked the driver?
Did you see what
I did last night? No.
Can you at least
tell me the truth?
Am I gonna hurt someone? Yes.
Could I kill someone? Yes.
Am I gonna kill
someone? Probably.
Look. I can show
you how to remember.
I can show you how to control
the shift. even on a full moon.
But it's not gonna
come for free.
What do you want?
You'll find out.
But for now. I'm gonna
give you what you want.
Go back to the bus.
Go inside. See it. feel it.
Let your senses. your sight. smell.
touch. Let them remember for you.
That's it?
Just go back?
Do you want to
know what happened?
I just want to
know if I hurt him.
No. you don't.
You want to know
if you'll hurt her.
Hey. no. just me. Someone
needs to keep watch.
How come I'm always
the guy keeping watch?
Because there's only two of us.
Okay. why's it starting to feel
like you're Batman and I'm Robin?
I don't want to be
Robin all the time.
Nobody's Batman and
Robin any of the time.
Not even some of the time?
Just stay here.
Oh. my God! Fine.
Aah!
Come on. come on. come on.
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Did it work? Did you remember?
Yeah. I was there last night.
And the blood. a
lot of it was mine.
So you did attack him? No.
I saw glowing eyes in the
bus. but they weren't mine.
It was Derek. What
about the driver?
I think I was actually
trying to protect him.
Wait. why would Derek help you
remember that he attacked the driver?
That's what I don't get.
It's got to be a pack thing.
What do you mean? Like an
initiation. You do the kill together.
Because ripping someone's throat
out is a real bonding experience?
Yeah. but you didn't do it.
which means you're not a killer.
And it also means that...
I can go out with Allison.
I was gonna say it
means you won't kill me.
Oh. yeah.
That too.
Mmm. pass.
Pass.
Let me see.
Pass. Pass. Pass on all of it.
God. Allison. respect for your
taste is dwindling by the second.
Hmm.
This.
Dad. hello.
Right. I'm sorry. I
completely forgot to knock.
Hi. Mr. Argent.
Dad. do you need something?
I wanted to tell you that
you'll be staying in tonight.
What? I'm going out
with my friends tonight.
Not when some animal
out there is attacking people.
Dad. Dad...
It's out of my hands.
There's a curfew.
No one's allowed
out past 9:30 p.m.
Hey.
no more arguing.
Someone's daddy's little girl.
Sometimes. But not tonight.
What are you doing?
Eight years gymnastics.
Are you coming?
I'll take the stairs.
You really look like you
know what you're doing.
Used to bowl with my dad. When
was the last time you bowled?
Uh. at a birthday party...
When I was eight.
♪ You never get nervous anymore
♪ So wait up
♪ What did you want me to say?
♪ Hey!
♪ What did you want me to do?
I'm so bad at this.
♪ Inside the lines
♪ Gotta catch 'em in a paper cup
♪ You never know
when to change your luck
Somebody brought their A game.
Good job.
♪ So introduce
me to your friends
♪ With the music and
the lights and everything ♪
Whoo! Yes!
You're up. McCall.
You can do it. Scott.
Jackson?
Mind shutting up?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm just flashing back to the
words "I'm a great bowler."
Maybe he just needs
a little warm-up.
Yeah. maybe he just
needs the kiddy bumpers.
Just... Just aim for the middle.
How about you aim for
anything except for the gutter?
Let him concentrate.
Come on. just one pin. please.
Oh!
Oh. great job. McCall.
Man. you are a pro.
Don't worry.
We only just started.
Scott.
You're thinking too much.
I know. I'm sorry.
I'm ruining this.
No. no. not at all. but I
wouldn't mind shutting them up.
so just clear your head and
think about something else.
Like what?
Anything.
Think about me.
Naked.
What did you say to him?
I just gave him
something to think about.
Nice ride.
Black cars. though.
Very hard to keep clean.
I would definitely suggest
a little more maintenance.
If you have something this nice.
you want to take
care of it. right?
Personally. I'm very
protective of the things I love.
But that's something I
learned from my family.
And you don't have
much of that these days.
Do you?
There we go.
You can actually look
through your windshield now.
See how that makes
everything so much clearer?
You forgot to check the oil.
Check the man's oil.
Looks good to me.
Drive safely.
That is seriously amazing.
Jackson. how
many strikes is that?
It's six.
In a row.
Something just clicked. I guess.
Maybe it's natural talent.
I could use some natural talent.
You mind helping me
out this time. Scott?
No. you're good. Go for it.
Thanks for the
vote of confidence.
Hey. I'll help.
How about I just
try this on my own?
I think I'm getting
the hang of it.
That was sort of perfect form.
Was it?
Maybe you should stop
pretending to suck just for his benefit.
Trust me. I do plenty of
sucking just for his benefit.
Nice shot. man.
Listen. I know we both
didn't want to be here.
But the thing is we don't
have to hate each other.
I don't hate you.
I just don't believe you.
You know. you got everyone thinking
everything's fine and normal about you.
but I know something's off.
You cheated tonight.
How do you cheat in bowling?
I don't know. but you did.
And I don't know if it's
steroids or something weirder.
I'm guessing something weirder
since it's pretty obvious
that you're a freak.
So don't think for a second
I've given up on finding
out what your little secret is.
I don't have any secrets.
Yeah. you do. And
here's the other thing.
I don't know why. but I think
whatever it is you're hiding.
you don't want her to
find out about it. either.
Open your eyes.
Look at me.
What do you remember?
Hale.
How do you know my name?
I'm sorry.
How do you know me?
Dr. Damon. telephone. please.
Girl. I am out of here.
There's a DVR at home
full of unwatched TV.
waiting to remind me how
ridiculously single I really am.
Rose. call a code. Room 137.
So do you think we could
hang out again soon?
Definitely.
But I have to admit something.
I'm not big on group dates.
So next time.
just the two of us.
I could totally
handle more of that.
Great.
Allison?
♪ Lord knows.
you're seeing it all
♪ It all
♪ If your heart's on fire
♪ Showing you what one may see
♪ Just give him
your Sunday smile ♪
And I could handle more of that.
Hey. Scott. I'm gonna go to...
Sleep.
Seriously.
Oh. no. no!
Stiles. what the hell
are you doing here?
What am I doing? God. do
either of you even play baseball?
What?
Can you please tell your
friend to use the front door?
But we lock the front door.
He wouldn't be able to get in.
Yeah. exactly.
And. by the way.
do either of you care
that there's a
police-enforced curfew?
No. No. All right then.
Well. you know what?
That's about enough
parenting for me for one night.
so good night. Good night.
What?
My dad left for the hospital 15
minutes ago. It's the bus driver.
They said he
succumbed to his wounds.
Succumbed?
Scott. he's dead.
Derek! I know you're here!
I know what you did!
I didn't do anything.
You killed him!
He died.
Like your sister died?
My sister was missing.
I came here looking for her.
You found her.
I found her in pieces.
being used as bait to catch me.
I think you killed them both.
I'm gonna tell everyone.
starting with the sheriff.
Huh.
That was cute.
I didn't kill him.
Neither of us did.
It's not your fault.
and it's not mine.
This?
This is all your fault!
You ruined my life!
No. I didn't.
You're the one who bit me!
No. I'm not.
What!
I'm not the one that bit you.
There's another.
It's called an Alpha.
It's the most
dangerous of our kind.
You and I. we're Betas.
This thing is more powerful.
more animal than either of us.
My sister came
here looking for him.
Now I'm trying to find him. But I
don't think I can do it without you.
Why me?
Because he's the one that
bit you. You're part of his pack.
It's you. Scott.
You're the one he wants.